p.1 In terms of references, I would be inclined to include the Williams (1995) invited review paper "Dust Formation around WC stars", early on in the introduction. I think it gives a very good overview of the subject (at the time).

> I have added this citation in the appropriate place.

p.2 C_i - scalar quantities - could you explain what scalar quantities you use in the simulations here.

> I have added a list of tracked quantities, and explained that the scalars behave in a co-moving fashion.

p.2 P_R and p_R - have you used 2 symbols for pressure here (around eq 3)

> I have checked this section, the lower-case p represents wind momentum, rather than pressure - my main issue with hydrodynamics sometimes is confusing density, momentum and pressure terms, as the symbols all basically look the same! I do not want to change this though, as this is commonly used terminology

p.2 The use of terminal velocity. This is fine for these simulations. The episodic systems all have fairly long period. It would be more of an issue for shorter period systems. Perhaps add a comment.

> Added two sentences detailing this, I mentioned this in a previous draft, but omitted it, my mistake!

p.3 MEKAL - could you give a paper (and probably a web reference) for
the version of code used.

> Cooling curves were generated by my supervisor, I have added a generic reference.

p.3 Some odd wording here - "single size each grid cell"
"ratio of grain number density"
Missing a word or two I think.

> Whoops!

p.3 Typo "dueo"

> See above comment.

p.3 Eq 12 - missing units

> See above above comment.

p.4 Table 2 - state in caption that values quoted are from Dwek + Werner (I
believe that to be the case).

> Added citation at the end of the caption.

p.5 For the Thomas et al, orbit, d_sep varies by a factor 19 not 18 (or at least is much closer to 19 than 18).

> Typo!

p.6 For Fig. 2 and Fig. 3 - Fig. 3 (total dust mass) is double peaked (and this double peak would be quite pronounced in a linear plot), whereas Fig.2 (production rate) is not. Why is that?

> We have looked into this and believe it is due to the dust destruction rate, which is significant over the periastron passage, this has been noted in the caption.
> Per Julian's analysis: "In fact, dust destruction must be quite significant because if you take the peak dust production rate of 1.0e-6 Msol/yr, and multiply it by the duration of the flat-top (estimated to be 7e-3 of the orbit, or about 0.06 yrs) you get a dust mass of 6e-8 Msol, whereas Fig 3 shows that it is never above 1e-8 Msol."

p.6 Small thing: you have "sharply decreases over the first year" -
spell out what you mean - as worded, the photometry sharply decreases
rather than the flux (indeed the value of magnitude increases).

> Changed to be more literal.

p.6 Related to Fig. 4 and Fig. 5. The recent Pollock et al (2021) paper on WR140 (2021, ApJ, 923, 191) make a connection between the X-rays and CIII 5696 emission in the periastron regime - the X-ray cooling seems to shift to optical cooling, predominantly in the 5696Ang line. I'm pretty sure this is related to what you are seeing here. I'd like to see a little discussion of that (I'd like to hear what you have to say on the topic).

> Added a short section in lieu of the discussion of total dust mass